Configurable Tabs in Meetings Lab (#23)
microsoft/app-camp: docs/aad/MeetingConfigurableTab.md

      "configurationUrl": "https://<HOST_NAME>/pages/tabConfig.html",
      "canUpdateConfiguration": true,
      "scopes": [
        "teams",
        "groupchat"
      ],
      "context": [
        "meetingChatTab",
        "meetingDetailsTab",
        "meetingSidePanel",
        "meetingStage"
      ]
    }
  ]
```

#### Step 2: Rebuild your application package

Open a command line tool in your working folder and execute

```sh
npm run package
```

This will generate a new `manifest.json` file and a new application package (northwind.zip).

#### Step 3: Upload the app package

In the Teams web or desktop UI, click "Apps" in the sidebar 1️⃣, then "Manage your apps" 2️⃣. At this point you have three choices:

* Upload a custom app (upload the app for yourself or a specific team or group chat) - this only appears if you have enabled "Upload custom apps" in your setup policy; this was a step in the previous lab
* Upload an app to your org's app catalog (upload the app for use within your organization) - this only appears if you are a tenant administrator
* Submit an app to your org (initiate a workflow asking a tenant administrator to install your app) - this appears for everyone

> In this case, choose the first option 3️⃣.

Author: From @rabwill 

If I may suggest for uploading the package if we can choose option 2 (org app catalog) instead of 1 or 3 (submit an app to org).
option 1 will ask user to add the app, which is not captured in the lab.
option 3 will kick off an approval flow with admin for approval, which is not captured in the lab.

Also the instruction is contradicting In this case, choose the first option 3️⃣.

Author: This step was copied verbatim from the Configurable Tab lab, so bringing @BobGerman into this.

I understand where the confusion comes from with the final instruction, however my understanding is that the 3️⃣ refers to the third step shown in the image below, which highlights to the student that they should select the `Upload a custom app` option which is the first in the list.

In either case, choosing option one or option two would work for this lab, however I'm wondering whether it is relevant to describe all three options to the student here and instead just direct them to the option that they need to select to get to the next step in the lab. 

In the `Upload an app` dialog shown in Teams, each available option has descriptive text and a link to learn more which the student can use to dive deeper if they wish.

Based on the above, I'd like to suggest that we make this step more concise to keep the student on track, with the image following the below text. Thoughts?

```suggestion
In the Teams web or desktop UI, click "Apps" in the sidebar 1️⃣, then "Manage your apps" 2️⃣, select `Upload a custom app` 3️⃣ , navigate to the manifest directory, select `Northwind.zip` file and upload it. 

Although the application is already installed, you are providing a newer version so it will update the application.
```

![Upload the app](../../assets/03-005-InstallApp-1.png)

Navigate to the Northwind.zip file in your manifest directory and upload it. Although the application is already installed, you are providing a newer version so it will update the application. 

#### Step 4: Run your app

In your working directory execute this command to start the application

```sh
npm start
```

### Exercise 2: Add your tab to the pre-meeting stage

#### Step 1: Create Microsoft Teams meeting

Using the Microsoft Teams desktop client, open the `Calendar` app from the sidebar and select `New meeting `in the top right corner.

Enter a `title` and add at least `one required participant`, select `Save` in the top right corner to create the meeting.

#### Step 2: Add tab

Select the meeting that you just created in the Calendar app, in the flyout, select `Edit` to open the meeting details.

> Select the `(+)` Add tab button in the meeting and select the `Northwind Orders` app, in the tab configuration page, select a `Category` of products you want to display in the tab.

Author: From @rabwill 

If I may suggest pls add 'search for northwind app and select' in Step 2: Add tab

Author: Good suggestion.
